\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@setfilename isvd.info
@settitle Incremental Singular Value Decomposition extension to the GNU Scientific Library
@finalout
@c %**end of header

@dircategory Scientific software
@direntry
* isvd: (isvd).                   ISVD 

extensions to GSL
@end direntry

@include version-ref.texi

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2009 Attila Axt.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with the
Invariant Sections being ``GNU General Public License'' and ``Free Software
Needs Free Documentation'', the Front-Cover text being ``A GNU Manual'',
and with the Back-Cover Text being (a) (see below).  A copy of the
license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free Documentation
License''.
@end copying

@titlepage
@title ISVD
@subtitle Extensions to the GNU Scientific Library
@subtitle Version @value{VERSION}
@subtitle @value{UPDATED}

@author Attila Axt
@comment @email{axt@load.hu}
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top, Introduction, (dir), (dir)
@top ISVD

This file documents ISVD, an Incremental Singular Value Decomposition routines
for the GNU Scientific Library (GSL). 

Information about GSL can be found at the project homepage,
@uref{http://www.gnu.org/software/gsl/}.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License.
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::                
* Functions::                   
* Examples::                    
* References and Further Reading::  
* GNU Free Documentation License::  
* GNU General Public License::  
* Function Index::              
* Variable Index::              
* Type Index::                  
* Concept Index::               
@end menu

@node  Introduction, Functions, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction

TODO: Needs to be written.

@node Functions, Examples, Introduction, Top
@chapter Functions

TODO: Needs to be written.

@node Examples, References and Further Reading, Functions, Top
@chapter Examples

TODO: Needs to be written.

@node References and Further Reading, GNU Free Documentation License, Examples, Top
@chapter References and Further Reading

Any references

@node GNU Free Documentation License, GNU General Public License, References and Further Reading, Top
@unnumbered GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@node GNU General Public License, Function Index, GNU Free Documentation License, Top
@unnumbered GNU General Public License
@include gpl-3.0.texi

@node Function Index, Variable Index, GNU General Public License, Top
@unnumbered Function Index

@printindex fn

@node Variable Index, Type Index, Function Index, Top
@unnumbered Variable Index

@printindex vr

@node Type Index, Concept Index, Variable Index, Top
@unnumbered Type Index

@printindex tp

@node Concept Index,  , Type Index, Top
@unnumbered Concept Index

@printindex cp

@bye
